---
layout: post
title:  "jobs"
date:   2015-09-04 13:53:26 +0300
categories: jobs
---

# jobs
Location: Geneva, Zurich
Type: Full Time.
Experience: Expert

Description:

We operate our own cloud infrastructure distributed across multi-tenant datacenters throughout Switzerland, with over 1 Petabyte of storage. This infrastructure is connected through a redundant network with a 24/7 NOC in Switzerland. This is a senior level position, as you will be head of all network and datacenter operations.

You will be responsible ensuring our infrastructure remains reliable and can scale quickly enough to match our growth. You will be working both internally with the ProtonMail engineering team, and also with an external ISP that we have partnered with. As you will be working in an international environment, English fluency is mandatory.
Experience with the following are required: Networking:

    BGP (IPv4/IPv6)
    MPLS
    Proven track record of success in an ISP environment
    NOC experience
    LIR experience
    Cisco routers/switches
    Netflow analysis
    Network design (Transport and Internet layer)
    Fine level knowledge of UDP/TCP
    Extensive experience with network troubleshooting

Sysadmin:

    RedHat derivatives (CentOS, RHEL, Scientific Linux, etc)
    Linux networking (bridges, bonding, STP, etc)
    Nagios, Ansible, ELK
    CEPH, MySQL, OpenStack
    Expert at debugging/customizing Linux system (building custom packages, kernel level tuning, recovery/rollbacks/upgrades, etc)
    Fluent in Python/Bash/C/SQL

Bonus points for:

    Extensive software engineering experience (could also work as a software engineer)
    Well versed in security and with a good understanding of security best practices from both a network and systems point of view
    OpenVPN/IPsec
    Ability to keep up in an extremely fast-paced environment
    Fluent in French
    Masters degree in a relevant field of study and/or scientific background

What you will be doing:

    Building scalable, reliable, and highly redundant networks.
    Building petabyte scale storage solutions
    Server and network security
    Architecting and building monitoring and auto-failover solutions for both networks and servers
    Designing backup strategies and implementing them
    Writing software to improve site reliability

Why work at ProtonMail:

    You will learn many things you can't learn anywhere else
    Flexible and casual working environment
    Startup environment where everyone matters and can make a big impact
    Work in an ultra high grow environment solving interesting problems, there is never a boring moment
    Fast growth also means there are many opportunities for rapid advancement
    Do something meaningful. ProtonMail protects dissidents, journalists, and activists. Our work saves lives.
    High potential upside. In addition to highly competitive salaries, key employees can receive valuable early employee stock options.
    Be part of something bigger. Millions of people and businesses around the world have embraced our idea of an Internet where privacy and security are the default, and not merely an afterthought. Be part of this revolution that is changing the world.
