---
layout: post
title:  "aaa_cisco"
date:   2011-12-25 02:31:33 +0400
categories: aaa_cisco
tags: cisco
---

# aaa_cisco
На типичном «клиентском» порту коммутатора:
interface range FastEthernet 0/1 — 24
desc HOST
switchport access vlan XXX
switchport mode access
switchport nonegotiate
flowcontrol receive off
spanning-tree bpduguard enable
storm-control broadcast level 1.00
storm-control multicast level 1.00
storm-control unicast level 90.10
storm-control action trap
spanning-tree portfast
no snmp trap link-status














Cisco base
[http://www.opennet.ru/docs/RUS/cisco_basic/](http://www.opennet.ru/docs/RUS/cisco_basic/)
[http://habrahabr.ru/post/87680/](http://habrahabr.ru/post/87680/)

аутентификация  сопоставление персоны (запроса) существующей учётной записи в системе безопасности. Осуществляется по логину, паролю, сертификату, смарт-карте и т. д.

авторизация  (авторизация, проверка полномочий, проверка уровня доступа) — сопоставление учётной записи в системе (и персоны, прошедшей аутентификацию) и определённых полномочий (или запрета на доступ). 
В общем случае авторизация может быть «негативной» (пользователю А запрещён доступ к серверам компании)

аккаунтинг (подсчёт и контроль) слежение за потреблением ресурсов (преимущественно сетевых) пользователем.

[http://blog.ptsecurity.ru/2013/09/cisco-ios.html](http://blog.ptsecurity.ru/2013/09/cisco-ios.html)
[http://www.faq-cisco.ru/articles/obshhie-svedeniya/nastroyka-aaa-na-cisco-kratkiy-obzor](http://www.faq-cisco.ru/articles/obshhie-svedeniya/nastroyka-aaa-na-cisco-kratkiy-obzor)
[http://my.safaribooksonline.com/book/networking/routers/0596001665/passwords-and-privilege-levels/hardcisco-chp-4-sect-7](http://my.safaribooksonline.com/book/networking/routers/0596001665/passwords-and-privilege-levels/hardcisco-chp-4-sect-7)
[http://my.safaribooksonline.com/book/networking/routers/0596001665](http://my.safaribooksonline.com/book/networking/routers/0596001665)


1. Это без использования aaa new-model

Настройка на виртуальном терминале одного пароля
Router(config)#line vty 0 4 
Router(config)#password your_password


Настройка на консоли одного пароля
Router(config)#line console 0 
Router(config)#password your_password



При данных настройках (login local) используется локальная база. Происходит 
использование логина и пароля из локальной базы данных (способ аутентификации “local”). 

no aaa new-model

username nws privilege 15 secret 4 GTqQrtp9ANDCMVjxtkackUfTnuNH8YUW/cFuwk/nVw6
username NLMK privilege 15 secret 4 ck91gZHwN3sk8v/1a7qGnpzQPGAgc14NFHjytjflocM



line vty 0 4
 exec-timeout 300 0
 login local
 transport input ssh



2.
aaa authentication login default local
aaa authorization default local 



privilege 15




4.7. Privilege Levels

By default, Cisco routers have three levels of privilege—zero, user, and privileged. Zero-level access allows only five commands—logout, enable, disable, help, and exit. User level (level 1) provides very limited read-only access to the router, and privileged level (level 15) provides complete control over the router. This all-or-nothing setting can work in small networks with one or two routers and one administrator, but larger networks require additional flexibility. To provide this flexibility, Cisco routers can be configured to use 16 different privilege levels from 0 to 15.
4.7.1. Changing Privilege Levels

Displaying your current privilege level is done with the show privilege command, and changing privilege levels can be done using the enable and disable commands. Without any arguments, enable will attempt to change to level 15 and disable will change to level 1. Both commands take a single argument that specifies the level you want to change to. The enable command is used to gain more access by moving up levels:

Router>show privilege
Current privilege level is 1
Router>enable 5
Password: level-5-password
Router#show privilege
Current privilege level is 5
Router#


The disable command is used to give up access by moving down levels:

Router#show privilege
Current privilege level is 5
Router#disable 2
Router#show privilege
Current privilege level is 2
Router#


Notice that a password is required to gain more access; no password is required when lowering your level of access. The router requires reauthentication every time you attempt to gain more privileges, but nothing is needed to give up privileges.
4.7.2. Default Privilege Levels

The bottom and least privileged level is level 0. This is the only other level besides 1 and 15 that is configured by default on Cisco routers. This level has only five commands that allow you to log out or attempt to enter a higher level:

Router#disable 0
Router>?
Exec commands:
  disable  Turn off privileged commands
  enable   Turn on privileged commands
  exit     Exit from the EXEC
  help     Description of the interactive help system
  logout   Exit from the EXEC
Router>


Next is level 1, the default user level. This level provides the user with many more commands that allow the user to display router information, telnet to other systems, and test network connectivity with ping and traceroute. Level 2, which is not enabled by default, adds a few additional show and clear commands, but provides no opportunity for a user to reconfigure the router. Finally, level 15 allows full access to all router commands.
4.7.3. Privilege-Level Passwords

To use the enable command to access a privilege level, a password must be set for that level. If you try to enter a level with no password, you get the error message No password set. Setting privilege-level passwords can be done with the enable secret level command. The following example enables and sets a password for privilege level 5:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#enable secret level 5 level5-password
Router(config)#^Z
Router#


Now we can enter level 5 with the enable 5 command.

	

Just as default passwords can be set with either the enable secret or the enable password command, passwords for other privilege levels can be set with the enable password level or enable secret level commands. However, the enable password level command is provided for backward compatibility and should not be used.


4.7.4. Line Privilege Levels

Lines (CON, AUX, VTY) default to level 1 privileges. This can be changed using the privilege level command under each line. To change the default privilege level of the AUX port, you would type the following:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#line aux 0
Router(config-line)#privilege level 4
Router(config-line)#^Z
Router#


Or, to change the default privilege level of all VTY access to level 12:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#line vty 0 4
Router(config-line)#privilege level 12
Router(config-line)#^Z
Router#


4.7.5. Username Privilege Levels

Finally, a username can have a privilege level associated with it. This is useful when you want specific users to default to higher privileges. The username privilege command is used to set the privilege level for a user:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#username jdoe privilege 5
Router(config)#username rsmith privilege 12
Router(config)#^Z
Router#


4.7.6. Changing Command Privilege Levels

By default, all router commands fall under levels 1 or 15. Creating additional privilege levels isn't very useful unless the default privilege level of some router commands is also changed. Once the default privilege level of a command is changed, only those who have that level access or above are allowed to run that command. These changes are made with the privilege command. The following example changes the default level of the telnet command to level 2:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#privilege exec level 2 telnet
Router(config)#^Z
Router#


Now no one with user-level (level 1) access can run the telnet command. Level 2 access is required.
4.7.7. Privilege Mode Example

Here is an example of how an organization might use privilege levels to access the router without giving everyone the level 15 password.

Assume that the organization has a few highly paid network administrators, a few junior network administrators, and a computer operations center for troubleshooting problems. This organization wants the highly paid network administrators to be the only ones with complete (level 15) access to the routers, but also wants the junior administrators have more limited access to the router that will allow them to help with debugging and troubleshooting. Finally, the computer operations center needs to be able to run the clear line command so they can reset the modem dial-up connection for the administrators if needed; however, they shouldn't be able to telnet from the router to other systems.

The highly paid administrators will have complete level 15 access. A level 10 will be created for the junior administrators to give them access to the debug and telnet commands. Finally, a level 2 will be created for the operations center to give them access to the clear line command, but not the telnet command:

Router#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Router(config)#username admin-joe privilege 15 password joes-password
Router(config)#username admin-carl privilege 15 password carls-password
Router(config)#username junior-jeff privilege 10 password jeffs-password
Router(config)#username junior-jay privilege 10 password jays-password
Router(config)#username ops-fred privilege 2 password freds-password
Router(config)#username ops-pat privilege 2 password pats-password
Router(config)#privilege exec level 10 telnet
Router(config)#privilege exec level 10 debug
Router(config)#privilege exec level 2 clear line
Router(config)#^Z
Router#


4.7.8. Recommended Privilege-Level Changes

The NSA guide to Cisco router security recommends that the following commands be moved from their default privilege level 1 to privilege level 15—connect, telnet, rlogin, show ip access-lists, show access-lists, and show logging. Changing these levels limits the usefulness of the router to an attacker who compromises a user-level account.

To change the privilege level of these commands, you would:

RouterOne#config terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 connect
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 telnet 
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 rlogin
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 show ip access-lists
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 show access-lists   
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 15 show logging     
RouterOne(config)#privilege exec level 1 show ip      
RouterOne(config)#^Z


The final privilege exec level 1 show ip returns the show and show ip commands to level 1, enabling all other default level 1 commands to still function.

