---
layout: post
title:  "sfid"
date:   2014-05-06 02:39:02 +0400
categories: juniper
tags: juniper
---

# sfid
 show chassis routing-engine no-forwarding 

show system processes extensive no-forwarding

On EX4500 or EX4550 switches, the software forwarding infrastructure daemon (sfid) might continuously create core files, causing interruptions in traffic, because packets are erroneously freed twice. A possible trigger is the handling of Layer 2 protocol tunneling packets. [PR/941482: This issue has been resolved.]





Hello,

SFID is Software Forwarding Daemon. It is responsible control protocol packets processing & punting to RE including STP/ARP/IGMP/LACP/LLDP/VRRP/BFD/you name it.

Please check:

1/ if Your switch is operating close to or at the scale limits, i.e. for EX4200:

- 16K ARP entries

- 300 ARP/sec learn rate per PFE

- 32K learned MAC addresses

etc

2/ whether You are using aggressive protocol timers:

- if You are using BFD, timers less than 500msec are not recommended for EX4200

- if You are using Ethernet OAM, timers less than 100ms are not recommended for EX4200





Have you find RCA for your problem yet ?

I have similar problem when running EX4500+EX4200 VC (12.3R3).

 CPU varied high/low rapidly because of sfid.

I have checked spanning-tree but but it's seem normally.

 

I've captured and saw some strange packet:

- There are many packet with TTL = 1 and ip destination which doesn't exist. Because TTL = 1 so Switch have to reply with TTL exceed (may cause CPU high). I've tried to discard these packet but not success because switch doesn't support filter packet with ttl=1 yet Smiley Sad

- There are some broadcast ARP message from switch to find MAC address of IP destination which doesn't exist. I have tried to discard these IP destination by configure static route discard.

 Have anyone know shell command to check detail sfid process ?





Not that I can offer any help on the issue, but why are you not able to create the filter with that match condition? 

 

 



set firewall family inet filter BLOCKTTL1 term TTL from ttl 1
set firewall family inet filter BLOCKTTL1 term TTL then accept
set firewall family inet filter BLOCKTTL1 term ACeetALTTL then accept

commit check
configuration check succeeds


Model: ex4200-24t
JUNOS Base OS boot [12.2R1.8]

I found this on wiki but you are on your own as to its usage and Juniper support.

?
Semi-hidden debug interfaces
lcdd: Line Card Daemon

"lcdd" from a shell (not the cli) connects you to various other parts of the switch,
including the software forwarding infrastructure (sfid), chassis manager (chassism),
and the virtual chassis system (vccpd). You don't need to be root to get into these."
[KUDOS PLEASE! If you think I earned it!
If this solution worked for you please flag my post as an "Accepted Solution" so others can benefit..]



